README.md, before:

# T-level-DPDD-revision-materials

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/S6S31EC98I)

Revision materials for the T level in Digital Production Design and Development.
This is **not made for the T Level Digital Support Services**, however the ESP task is the same

This **only contains first year material currently** and will contain seccond year material later, because i'm currently only in the first year :)

Currently these are not finished, and contain only flashcards but will be updated as they're created

## Individual Topics - Reccomended
These folders are just named as their topics and contain separate files for each of the sections/points within  a topic, allowing you to practice a specfifc section within a topic

## Full Topics
This folder will have every topic as a single file containing all of the cards for the topic

##

For anyone who's interested, all the flashcards were made with remnote and exported as markdown files so they can be conpatible with as many fashcard apps as possible. If you're looking for a different format for the cards let me know

Commit message:

More detail and rough note release date

README.md, after:

# T-level-DPDD-revision-materials

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/S6S31EC98I)

Revision materials for the T level in Digital Production Design and Development.
This is **not made for the T Level Digital Support Services**, however the ESP task, and some
topics are similar/the same<br>

Anyone looking for the T-Level in digital support services:<br>
Website: https://notes.nayanpatel.net/docs/home/introduction<br>
GitHub: https://github.com/PatelN123/Digital-Support-Notes

### ONLY FIRST YEAR MATERIAL CURRENTLY
I'm only in my first year of this course, after I have completed the second year the notes for
that will go here too. As of currently (Sitting my ESP exam) I am not uploading any more flashcards,
they'll all go up after the exams are over (Mid-June)

Currently, there are flashcards available for the unit on Morals & Ethics and some on the pandas
'melt' function* 

*useful for task 4a to make CSV data more readable

# Flashcards

## Individual Topics - Recommended
These folders are just named as their topics and contain separate files for each of the sections/points
within  a topic, allowing you to practice a specific section within a topic

## Full Topics
This folder will have every topic as a single file containing all the cards for the topic

For anyone who's interested, all the flashcards were made with RemNote and exported as markdown files
so they can be compatible with as many flashcard apps as possible. If you're looking for a different
format for the cards let me know

# Topic notes
**Not releasing until after the Summer 2025 exam series**

These are longer form notes made over various lessons, made originally in Notion, they'll be
in a format that can be put back into Notion or a similar editor, and available as an HTML page
